behind the depths of
suffering and the cycle of violence in
Gaza are words of Vengeance hatred and
Erasure he's referring to a Biblical
passage that called on ancient
Israelites to wipe out its arch rival
nation of Amal to avenge a surprise
Ambush to kill man woman child infant
and
animals a reference used now to justify
the slaughter of thousands of
Palestinian men women and children it is
an
unambiguous genocidal statement right
because the idea within the tradition
right is that you have to destroy all of
AMC and all of AMC's descendants and um
rid that evil from the world and it's in
completely um dangerous genocidal idea
to invoke that Israel's farite
government has framed the war on Gaza
and its people as a fight against good
and evil light and darkness a familiar
rhetoric invoking the myth of a just war
and ignoring the brutal impact of 75
years of
occupation and and
and
and on some Israeli Airwaves there
appear to be no editorial red lines that
have not been
crossed
the incendiary rhetoric of ethnic
cleansing and genocide of Palestinians
normalized on live television by pundits
and politicians alike activists say this
type of explicit language of hate and
revenge is repeated in thousands of
posts online we dedicted uh and few days
ago over a million uh conversations that
are violent in
X and on meta and on telegram um we uh
dedicted these conversations that are
calling for uh for for incitement for
violence um including like flattening
Gaza burning Gaza killing raping the
worst kind of incitement that you can
imagine is
there the effects of anti- Palestinian
incitement are already being felt across
Israel in racist chants in
songs and even comedy
sketches seemingly normalizing the
dehumanization of Palestinians and
Israel's war crimes Priyanka Gupta
aler make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer